The Envoy 

Now I feel like doing a piece on the concept of the envoy. So a practice that I’ve done over the last few years really since I don’t know maybe I was about 1516 is trying to hold it in my mind a concept of who I could be in some amount of time usually it’s 1 to 5 years and we see this in a lot of questioning like for interview processes. People will say what do you see yourself in five years and people give some litany of gross indicators that they want to hit, but that always feels disconnected and disingenuous the purpose of the of the future cast and snapshot, I don’t really know where I came up with that notion. I know that it’s been discussed in culture all around me so I doubt I came up with it, but I’ve always rather I’ve always. I guess I guess I’ll just stay outright. I’ve had problems with anxiety when I was in high school and I was always comparing myself to others and seeing where I was falling short and then I would be console by my family and you know they would always say yeah but look at where you were a year ago and eventually it did get through to me and I still hold strong to the idea that growth and who you can be and who you should be, should not be strictly informed to compared by other physical entities around you instead what you should do is look at what you value and what you think is important and find a way to become that and have the only growth indicators be positions relative to your current spot in time. So what I was doing is when I was a teenager I always kept journals because now writing everything out helps you confront the way you feel about things. It’s just an activity I picked up, but I maintained this day. it’s been over. It’s been over 15 years now it’s been almost 20 years now I guess that I’ve been doing this, and I have a whole stack of them you know just any entries from talking about strife going through the day to worries about the future and then every few months just out of curiosity, I will go back and visit the old journals and I would look at myself see what I was feeling. I would feel it again, but I would feel it again with the memory of how things actually played out and by looking at the old anxieties that I had that I had faced and then having the memory of how they actually played it out. I think I accidentally was ironing out my emotional landscape as the tractate would model it, and now whenever something comes up in the future, that causes me great anxiety I can typically just lean on my experience and know that everything‘s going to be fine and a lot of the things that used to give me anxiety just simply don’t, I think this continuous practice of recording the worries, modeling, who I wanted to be in writing that out, and then having a loose guideline of the things I should do and then performing some sort of active reflection, helping helping me to correct my own behavior in my record, it was really beneficial. Now I don’t want to make it seem like this was a structured intentional approach. It’s just something I happen to do and I think I had a great benefit, and I’m curious if this variant of this which would be communicated as a structured approach would even be effective for people given that the actual structure of it implies a certain amount of care Ruger that needs to be done when in truth all that really needs to be done is four or five times a month. Write down a few pages of your thoughts and detail the large actions that first bubble up you know you say over the last three weeks these things happened and if something doesn’t make the record that it doesn’t make the record it’s just the things that are most salient at the time. Those are the things that last those are the things that are most important typically, and then after a year or so just go through look at it maybe in a different colored pen or not just update the conclusions of worries that happened how things played out you know back you ask yourself questions and then come back at sometime later and answer them. You know wait enough time the way you forgot that you asked the question that’s usually when you have the answer. The purpose of the envoy is to create an image of yourself that you want to be based on the record, you have both internally and in your journals when you start seeing how things play out and you start ironing out the landscape you can see which aspects of yourself you can change if only you kept your mind to it. One thing that’s hard for people to do today’s day and age is to act through ritual without a specific measurable intentional result at the end of it. This is why some people fail to work out consistently, even though real effects do come in. It happens so slow that the mind doesn’t have enough to see visualize the track typically it’s only based on numbers, which is the weight of the individual which fluctuates is not a good measure, especially at the beginning of weight loss. When you start talking about practices at verge on religious in the sense of doing it frequently, not in the sense of doing it for an entity, but for the sake of doing the right itself, the playing out of the drama that is the allegory that you participate in, that is where people have an issue because we are so utilitarian that if an action that takes energy doesn’t have direct feedback into our system that are observational mind can capture and contrast against a previous state and Sea growth then it is often proclaimed non-factual and not important. However, I know that this is an error of multidimensional proportions. My internal instinct is a snap and say this is people just being lazy and stupid, which it is, but that doesn’t encompass the full picture. Sometimes it might just look lazy sometimes it might just appear stupid. I know this, but this is what I feel that feeling is there and I think it’s a self reflective concern cause I know that if I’m doing that, I feel stupid and I feel lazy so obviously that’s how I’m going to feel when I see it. Either way I digress, when I’m getting at is human beings need to see the progress and with attention spans what they are and what they can be even in an ideal situation where your attention span is completely unadulterated by chemicals or by dopamine addictions caused by little black squares and TikTok reels the brain might not be powerful enough to see the whole picture over the span of time it takes witness or truly fathom that results. The other thing is is we are consistently flattening things into snapshots. For instance, even just there, I said, fathom the results as if the results are an instance in time in which everything is completed. This is not the case things are continuously ongoing, and they do not stop until we die. Even then things outside of ourselves continue to go. So based on this, even the notion of having a result is incorrect. Which means it’s even 1° harder for some people because if there’s no such thing as results and what is the point in the process, but this is where we contend with why I do anything at all, which is covered by the tractate. 

The envoy itself is not a snapshot of where you wanna be in some time which is where I had started doing this. I would list out a series of attributes that I wanted to have society and myself stick on to me, so for instance, the idea of getting any sort of academic achievement would be a social attribute, but also an internal attribute because what is the worth of an academic achievement if there’s not internal change that reflects the achievement, the badge for the thing is an indicator of the thing and not the thing itself. However, when considering things specifically like these academic achievements, what’s the point of doing the achievement if it’s not seen, a lot of people take issue with the idea of having to go through a work and not have it be reflected upon their social mask even I have issue with this I can go on the Internet and learn anything in the world to very in degrees, but I’m unable to contribute to it in any meaningful way because contributing to the subject matter would require social credentials so I could communicate to other individuals that I have experience based authority.
So the attributes that I would list out were social based, but also required an air of internal authenticity otherwise, the endeavor to me was pointless
Overtime the concept of the envoy came in, which is not a single state of results of attributes, but something that exists ahead of me in the future that I want to become that is modeled more as a dynamic of a projection of self rather than a projection of self cast down onto the record in the form of what we would consider “results“ meaning that it’s a forever existing in front of me snapshot it’s like an event horizon that I’m falling forward towards forever, but we’ll never reach, it’s the edge of what’s possible given the possibilities around me, it’s realistic, but it’s beyond what I could do just floating, I’ve been considering modeling it internally, even further as I sort of things I could play questions and answers to, but I question the value of doing so knowing that it best it would be my subconscious being reflected to me as it from that perspective and I don’t know if that’s would be the yielding of valid outputs, but it might be second order valid in the sense that the output that it gives after contemplation may yield insights towards reaching the envoy