
so moving on



This makes me come back to the inflicting ritual upon yourself. I’ve talked about this with Alistair Crowley in the track date a little bit, and I have some side writings about it, but I really think his phrase the aims of religion. The methodology of science is a particular interest here because basically what he was saying was you gotta look at these higher order forms these living these allegories we’ve been handed down and you need to see that they’re a reflection of our modern society ourselves and not all these scales. I think what he was doing was naming a Prince of the same subject. I’m talking about almost directly and what I think he was doing was attempting to discover through trial error and well ritual drug abuse, find ways that he could change his physical circumstances, one or multiple times perhaps through the process of etching forms that he was seeing in this void you know this abstract realm that might lead to changes in himself and others that were of interest and potential benefit to him, so the last part about the benefit and interest that’s just assumed because why I think that’s why anyone does anything you know the interest could’ve been the game itself. I don’t get me wrong. I’m not trying to paint anything on them. I’m just trying to describe. I think he was operating in this more abstract realm. I’m describing and trying to find a way through you know ritual sex abuse drug abuse and even to say abuse I think is wrong. It doesn’t matter depends on the terminology, but either way he was trying to inflict specific levels of gravity and his emotional landscape as I describe it or this this land of forms that that creates the land of forms, I guess would be a better way to put it maybe I’ll have to clarify that cause the emotional landscape is how we is how we relate to the forms we see and the landscape of the forms is I guess the illumination from those relations cast on the wall behind it and in a way and the void is where the forms exist maybe I should offer that clarification either way that boy was working in this more abstract realm and seeing it’s impact on people and things around them, the fact that he is really well known I don’t know if is an attribute to his success or not or if it’s just that he illuminated parts of the minds he interacted with in just a different enough way than they expected to capture them and capture their interest, and once he was able to capture their interest, he was able to then paint newer, relational forms that I think you can only really do in this in the context of a cult, but I don’t know enough about the literature of cult dynamics I would have to infer it all and I would have a high degree of error. It’s just a suspicion.
