yeah I think too that the higher forms are not "External" but "deeply internal" to the point where I suspect that some aspects of form emerge or come-about specifically because of how certain clusters of our biology interface with and experience the world. Its not scientific yet, but I hypothesize some aspects of what gives "the shared human experience" mechanically has in it information by-way of the physical structure that supports "the shared experience" that is "whatever overlap our bodies have as similar that produces the conscious experience, or interfaces with it, however it happens (still unknown)" -- so the shared wetware, through operation creates similar forms. 

for instance: a truck, a sedan, and a bulldozer are all "vehicles" their "experience of existence" are different. However, if you compare 2 sedans of different make but same model they will have some variations of their engines potentially, but the physics and makeup of those engines are approximately equal. They both have an implementation of a alternator, they both have an implementation of air intake sensors, but driving down the same road they will experience significantly different states with-respect to the data that comes off that engine. if we assume fro the thought experiment that humans are like this, and that the data coming off our engines is similar, but separate distinct implementations, then it may not be a leap to assume that activity, and patterns of activities that take place in our brain may not all be observable to us directly, but only through indirection. further, there may be aspects of our inner psychology based on this engine that exist in a way unreachable by language except through apophatic statements -- these things would be nearly impossible for us to regularly discuss. 

I believe that language itself and the growing of the individual human minds since the dawn of time is made partially evident in the language we use. we use language to impress onto new minds enough information for them to consider themselves a "distinct self" whatever that means comes loaded with social and cultural baggage of the language and condition we find ourselves in, but under the hood we are all similar engines. its how we relate to the forms in our mind through our bootstrapped sense that gives us the internal "Experience" of driving down the road


----


fractals and the existence of math as higher order forms that the physical world maps onto. we discovered those forms through analyzing the physical world. math is to the real world what archetypes are to the mind.